Update administering-a-multi-geo-environment.md (#947)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/administering-a-multi-geo-environment.md

- Canada
- India
- United Kingdom

## Yammer

> Yammer created for the satellite location will use the end point located in the central location for the tenant. Yammer is not a Multi-Geo service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yammer created for the satellite location will use the endpoint located in the central location for the tenant. Yammer is not a Multi-Geo service.
```
